This is the Philips D205 series in this
case the pattern version with four hand
sets it is available from 1 to 4
handsets
so the normal version say the guru
you could say
which is with a hand move and base station
and who can then possibly enter
in various other forms
depending on how much natural
hand-stitching need it is one
stylish elegant dect telephone set
without too much fuss
if we take a look at a dect
telephone set and to the hand itself
I actually think it's a small screen
whatever is illuminated and we think about it
seen the top yet
listen and take at the bottom
natural substructure under the
function keys find the numeric
keyboard back to find that
speaker for the hands-free set and here
behind these clubs are the triple a
Batteries the back matte finished
and there are nice ribs in that
we say that you have some grip on it
device which also makes things nice
hands remained even if you were longer
are on the phone
now go and look further
the device works exactly for that
we see here that the device actually
bit straightforward
you just see the date and time and you can
press down for the call log and
above for the telephone book
phone book can handle up to 50 numbers
that is a bit on the small side
but unfortunately that is no different
and if we go back to the menu
completely we have to go back once
then we can go to the menu we see you
phone book, we can see the phone
settings' I chose generous settings
do among other things eco and ecoplus mode
see some more services and it
answer machine you can also here
everything can be monitored from then on
sets but of course you can
answering machine also operate from it
base station has base station here
all buttons on the answering machine
to operate and of course also here
the frame is on the back
speak so you are the answering machine
also in listening
without you say sit hand
in addition, we now have
a page a test if we click on it
then all devices will ring and then you can
You naturally take a look if you have one
device where exactly it is
lies
Do you want more information about the D205?
series of philips or maybe you want
order a go then go to
decttelefoonshop.nl or Telefooncenter.be
or of course visit one of ours
stores